## Outreach Meeting 3-17-2020

### Slides
[Power Point Link](https://dotnetfoundation-my.sharepoint.com/:p:/g/personal/sara_chipps_dotnetfoundation_org/EZfY2NGA2rVNhaG7ngTMoRcBQ8MK5zX-vbaRYfoGiGruQA?e=fc7Us5)

### Topics

Outreach Committee Goals​
Survey Data from .NET Developers​
Proposal Process ​
How do we want to choose proposals?​
How do we want to form working groups?​
Help wanted – how best to work together

### Notes
Outreach committee goals
	• Encourage new .NET developers
	• Empower underrepresented segments of the community to become leaders & contributors (women & POC)
	• Assisting event organizers with evangelism & growth

We surveyed 238 .NET developers
	• 35% existing .NET Foundation members
	• 19% were from an underrepresented group
	• Some responses to open-ended feedback:
		○ "Everything about .NET Core is awesome"
		○ "Look at how Apache supports Java community"
		○ Academic outreach - BH to run for OUSA VP

How can we help you as a .NET community member?
	• 51.9% "Help me contribute to open source"
	• 43.9% "Conference sponsorships"
	• Latter is #1 answer from underrepresented groups

Proposals

Budget Proposal Process
	• Board assigns budget to each committee - let MEMBERS drive proposals rather than board members
	• Define goals & activities we want to fund, set policies for proposals, & parameters for review/success
	• Proposals from any member
	• Committee to meet every month to review proposals
	• Committees to provide written summaries monthly to board

Sara Chipps (SC) has supplied rough draft for proposal process (work in progress in Github)

Jessica White (JW): will proposals get support from committee?
Benjamin Howarth (BH): volunteered to help with proposals in draft that need support from Foundation members via Github pull request.

How do we select proposals?
Naeem Malik (NM): surveys to ask how the outreach committee can support communities.
SC: could you help to coordinate this?
David Lewis (DL): could we look at proposals based on short-term benefit vs long-term benefits? We could rate them as they come in.
SC: That's great, along with how many people are reached in the initiative - how many if it's successful
DL: Cost as well
SC: Agreed

Gassen Ben Hadj: Let's look at an attention-driven way of reviewing proposals?
SC: We need a way of reviewing proposals that get addressed by the monthly progress meeting.
JW: Should we approach existing bootcamps?
BH: I already have (Code First: Girls)
JW & BH to take this to another chat re CF:G

JW: should we look at making proposals at Github issues that can be upvoted & downvoted?
SC: That's a great idea
JW: issues can then be moved into a separate project as they develop
SC: Sounds like a great solution to manage it

SC: Answering question from chat, how do we avoid upvoting earliest issues that get accepted vs later ones that have more weight?
Claire Novotny (CN): Maybe we should look at approving proposals quarterly to allow enough time for a proposal to develop - these things take time to organise & won't come together inside 3-4 weeks, if there is, we can triage.
SC: Agreed

Scott Addie (SA): How does this issues triage scale? Is that easily accessible via Github API?
SC: Good question - I don't know.
BH: Maybe we should create a dashboard for it? If data's available via Github API?
JW: You can sort issues by thumbs-up.
SC: Problem solved!

SC: How do we solicit volunteers once the proposal is accepted?
CN: As part of evaluation, look at the execution plan for the proposal to ensure an accepted proposal is effective.
BH: Agreed

BH Asked David Lewis (DL) to message regarding a C# curriculum for TEALS

Help wanted
	• Input on proposal process, SC has created draft as previously discussed
	• Review & select outreach submissions, BH to help with draft proposals to flesh out ideas
	• Join working groups once initiatives are selected

Discussion
	• CN asking about polls to determine how effective these meetings are
	• Jeremy Morgan (JM) says yes, effective
	• SC thanks Beth Massi for format from marketing
	• CN mentions supporting meetups during COVID-19 crisis, BH & JW concur with this
	• NM is using a personal account for Teams, but unsure if can create own events
	• CN to discuss getting user access to find out the best way for organisers to be able to use Teams, or Twitch
SC, CN, Jon Galloway (JG) & BM to circle back to find out what MS can offer for virtual events, BH to help with documentation for organisers

### Recording 
(tbd)
