# Outreach Committee Meeting of the .NET Foundation  
October 20th, 2020 
Start Time: 3:00 PM ET 

## Introduction
Jeff Strauss and Shawn Wildermuth introduced themselves as the new Outreach Committee’s Chairs. They plan to resend the Outreach Committee’s meeting invitation to effectively manage the meetings going forward. 

### Action Items 
- Jeff Strauss to connect with Terracia King to reschedule Outreach Committee’s recurring meeting 
- Jeff Strauss and Shawn Wildermuth to update the Outreach Committee website listing them as the new Chairs. 
- Jeff Strauss and Shawn Wildermuth will post new meeting invitation in the Committee’s GitHub repository 

## Virtual Meetup Organizing Committee 

Jeff Strauss led a discussion on the Virtual Meetup Organizing Committee. He met with the current Virtual Meetup Organizing Committee to discuss the initiative in-depth. Both Jon and James expressed that they no longer wish to be the face of the Virtual Meetup Group due to their connection to Microsoft. They felt a member within the .NET Community would be better suited to lead the efforts. The Outreach Committee discussed this and agreed to present the opportunity to the .NET Community. Members who are interested in joining the Virtual Meetup Group should email Brian Jablonsky at dotnetfoundation@brianjablonsky.com for more information. 

### Action Items
- Shawn Wildermuth and Jeff Strauss to meet with the Virtual Meetup project team to discuss the Virtual Meetup transition. 

## Speaker Directory 

Shawn provided an update on the Speaker Directory initiative. The Speaker Directory is expected to be soft launched by the year end. The project has gained a lot of interest but there still areas of concern. One concern mentioned was the lack of diversity in the current speakers’ list. The Speaker Directory Team asked the Outreach Committee to use the Speaker Directory’s GitHub repository to ask questions and provide feedback regarding the project. 

### ACTION ITEMS: 
- Shawn Wildermuth to send an email to all members to discuss the Speaker Directory prior to the next Speaker Directory Team meeting. 
- Rik Garner to add a suggestion of adding speaker recordings to the GitHub website repository.  

## Sponsoring Under Served Communities​ 

Jeff led a discussion on finding ways to promote more collaboration with other .NET communities outside of the US. Certain Global leaders do not receive the visibility they deserve due to lack of collaboration, time zone differences, etc. There are a lot of areas for growth by having true dialog and learning from others. This could change people’s perspectives about other countries that they are not familiar with.  

### Ideas Discussed 

Schedule meetings with community leaders of underserved communities for a better understanding of their community and how the Foundation can assist. 

Host panel discussions to encourage dialog amongst global communities. 

## Create a Community Handbook 

### Action Items  

- Jeff Strauss to schedule a meeting with Michael Dera to discuss ideas on how to start a new community. 
- Jeff Strauss to add Daniel Roth, Brian Jablonsky, Dhruv Kinger, and Rik Garner to the Organizer’s Slack Channel 

## Outreach Proposal Process 

Daniel discussed the Outreach Proposal project and asked the Committee if they planned to continue the effort towards creating formal process.  

- The Outreach Committee agreed to continue the efforts.  
- Outreach Proposal GitHub Repository was shared. 
- Daniel and Rik volunteered to lead the effort. 

### Action Items 

Jeff Strauss and Shawn Wildermuth to connect with Sara to understand where this project was left off.  

Daniel Roth and Rik Garner to connect with Sara to take on the Outreach Proposal Project 

## Outreach Goals and Mission 

Daniel asked to focus on defining the Outreach Committee’s mission and goals for the end of the year. 

The Outreach Committee’s GitHub was shared. 

### Action Items  

- Jeff Strauss and Shawn Wildermuth to review the Outreach Committee’s mission and goal discussion in the Outreach Committee’s repository. 
- Jeff Strauss and Shawn Wildermuth to add Outreach Updates to the Board Deck to present in the Board Meeting  

The meeting was adjourned at 4:00 pm ET 

 

 

 
