# OUTREACH COMMITTEE MEETING OF .NET FOUNDATION 
November 17th, 2020

Start Time: 3:00 PM ET

## MEETING ATTENDEES:
| Name                   | Company         |
|------------------------|-----------------|
| Frank Odoom            | Microsoft       |
| Jeff Strauss           | World Wide Technology |
| Shawn Wildermuth       | Wilder Minds |
| Joao Antunes           | Inditex |
| Morten Nielsen         | ESRI |
| Martin Kulov           | Advanced Resources |
| Daniel Roth            | Udacity |
| Paulo Morgado          | Microsoft |
| Arvin Kahbazi          | Unknown |
| Dave Noderer           | Computer Ways Inc. |
| David Lewis            | Unknown |
| Ian Griffiths          | Unknown |
| Jeremey Sinclair       | Orrick |
| Johan Smarius          | Avans Hogeschool |
| Kourtzandis Efstratios | Unknown |
| Ivano Scifoni          | Poste Italiane |
| Mauro Bennici          | You Are My Guide

STAFF OBSERVERS: 
Terracia King	Virtual Inc.

Agenda
•	Introductions
•	Working Group
•	.NET Virtual User Group
•	Sponsoring Under Served Communities
•	Community Handbook
•	Proposal Process
•	Speaker’s Bureau
•	AOB


### Introductions

Shawn Wildermuth opened the floor for introductions. 


#### Working Group

Shawn Wildermuth gave a status update on the Outreach Committee’s transitioning progress. The Outreach Committee’s landing page is now live. A new calendar invite was created in Teams. 


#### .NET Virtual User Group

Shawn Wildermuth gave an update on the .NET Virtual User group. Dave Noderer will take a leadership position in the .NET Virtual User Group. The group is running smoothly. More people have volunteered to help with the initiative.

**ACTION**: Dave Noderer to reach out to Shawn Wildermuth or Jeff Strauss to fix permission issues. 

#### Sponsoring Under Served Communities

Jeff Strauss gave a brief update on the Sponsoring Under Served Communities initiative. The project was stalled due to unforeseen life events. He plans to meet with a few interested global leaders next week. 

**ACTION**: Dave Noderer to send Jeff Strauss the contact information for global leaders from Africa who may be interested in this initiative. 

#### Community Handbook

Shawn Wildermuth gave a brief update on the Community Handbook initiative. He is unsure of the current status of the project. The leaders of this initiative were not in attendance. Shawn plans to follow up with the leaders and determine the best communication tool to use for status tracking. 

**ACTION**: Shawn Wildermuth to follow up with Daniel Roth, Brian Jablonsky, Dhruv Kinger, Michael Dera and Rick Garner for a status update.

#### Proposal Process

Shawn Wildermuth gave a brief update on the Proposal Process initiative. The project will be postponed until 2021 due to the leaders being heavily involved with .NET Conference and the launch of .NET 5. 

#### Speaker’s Bureau

Shawn Wildermuth gave a brief update on the Speaker’s Bureau initiative. He was unable to retrieve a status update from the project owner. Shawn suggested that the Speaker’s Bureau create better messaging around the “Hurry Up and Stop” portion. 

**ACTION**: Shawn Wildermuth to the Speaker’s Bureau’s project owner to determine a communication tool for status updates and to discuss messaging for the initiative. 

#### All Other Business

The Outreach Committee held a discussion on the meeting cadence. The Committee agreed to change the meeting cadence to meet prior to the monthly Board Meeting. 

### Action Items
•	Terracia King to send a poll with available meeting dates and times prior to the monthly Board Meeting
•	Shawn Wildermuth to research how to create a calendar for the Outreach Community
•	Shawn Wildermuth to post the new calendar invite link in the Outreach Committee GitHub repository. 
•	Shawn Wildermuth to post the meeting minutes in the Outreach Committee GitHub repository

The meeting was adjourned at 3:29 pm ET
