# OUTREACH COMMITTEE MEETING OF .NET FOUNDATION 

January 12th, 2021

Start Time: 3:00 PM ET

### MEETING ATTENDEES:
	
* Jeff Strauss
* Shawn Wildermuth
* Daniel Roth
* Dave Noderer
* Jeremey Sinclair
* Kourtzandis Efstratios
* Ashirwad Satapathi
* Brian Jablonsky

### STAFF OBSERVERS: 
* Terracia King	Virtual Inc.

## Agenda
•	Introductions
•	Working Group
•	.NET Virtual User Group
•	Sponsoring Under Served Communities
•	Community Handbook
•	Outreach Initiative Proposal Process
•	.NET College/Youth Education Proposal
•	Speaker’s Bureau
•	AOB

 

### Introductions

Shawn Wildermuth opened the floor for introductions. 


#### Working Group

Shawn Wildermuth gave a status update on the Outreach Committee’s transitioning progress. The Outreach Committee’s landing page is now live. 


#### .NET Virtual User Group

Dave Noderer gave an update on the .NET Virtual User group. The reoccurring meeting will be held on the 2nd Friday of every month at 12 pm ET. 

#### Sponsoring Under Served Communities

Jeff Strauss gave a brief update on the Sponsoring Under Served Communities initiative. There have been a couple of meetings with leaders from the Zimbabwe and Ghana .NET Communities. They decided to have an international event with a panel discussion in Q2. There have also been discussions with leaders of the Latin community. More to come.  

**ACTIONS**: 
•	Jeff Strauss will include Daniel Roth in the upcoming Sponsoring Under Served Communities meetings. 
•	Martin Kulov to join the initiative to reach under served .NET Communities in Europe. 

#### Community Handbook
Shawn Wildermuth gave a brief update on the Community Handbook initiative. The leaders of this initiative were not in attendance. Shawn plans to follow up with the leaders and determine the best communication tool for status tracking. 

**ACTION**: Shawn Wildermuth to follow up with Daniel Roth, Brian Jablonsky, Dhruv Kinger, Michael Dera, and Rick Garner for a status update.

#### Outreach Initiative Proposal Process
The Outreach Committee discussed starting the proposal process this year. Daniel Roth will take the lead on the Outreach Initiative Proposal Process. More to come. 

**ACTION**: Daniel Roth to provide a status update for the proposal process in the February meeting

#### .NET College/Youth Education Proposal

Jeff Strauss and Brian Jablonsky discussed the .NET College/Youth Education proposal initiative. Brian Jablonsky will present the new initiative to the Board in the January Board Meeting. More to come. 

#### Speaker’s Bureau
Shawn Wildermuth gave a brief update on the Speaker’s Bureau initiative. The Speaker’s Bureau is live and running smoothly. There are approximately 200 speakers. 

#### All Other Business

The Outreach Committee discussed the best communication tool to work asynchronously between meetings. 

### ACTION ITEMS
•	Terracia King to send a poll with available meeting dates and times before the monthly Board Meeting.
•	Tom Pappas to ask Terracia King to add Outreach Committee members to the .NET Teams channel. 

The meeting was adjourned at 3:29 pm ET.
