# Outreach Committee Meeting of .NET Foundation
## April 8th, 2021
Start Time: 3:00 PM ET

## MEETING ATTENDEES:
	
* Shawn Wildermuth
* Daniel Roth
* Dave Noderer
* Scott Hanselman
* Kourtzandis Efstratios
* Joao Antunes
* David Lewis
* Arvin Kahbazi

Meeting Recording



## STAFF OBSERVERS: 
* Terracia King	Virtual Inc.

## Agenda
* Introductions
* Coordination with MSFT on Learning
* .NET Virtual User Group
* Sponsoring Under Served Communities
* Outreach Initiative Proposal Process
* Speaker’s Bureau
* AOB

 

## Introductions

Shawn Wildermuth opened the floor for introductions. 

### Coordination with MSFT on Learning

Scott Hanselman gave a presentation on Microsoft’s effort to reach out to communities who were not fluent in C-Sharp.   

**ACTION**
* Shawn Wildermuth to send Scott Hanselman the Education Committee’s chair’s information. 

### .NET Virtual User Group

Dave Noderer gave an update on the .NET Virtual User group. There is currently very little activity. Dave suggested that that the Virtual User Group will help promote Meetup groups to increase activity. 

**ACTION**
* Shawn Wildermuth to research how to grant Dave Noderer access to Meetup.


### Sponsoring Under Served Communities

Jeff Strauss was unable to attend the meeting. This agenda item will be pushed to the next meeting. 

**ACTION**
* Shawn Wildermuth to connect with Jeff Strauss regarding the status of the Sponsoring Under Served Communities initiative and ask how he can assist.  


### Outreach Initiative Proposal Process
Shawn Wildermuth and Daniel Roth presented the potential proposal process. The Outreach Committee reviewed the Proposal Process issues listed in GitHub. 


**ACTION**
* Shawn Wildermuth to send the Proposal Process to the Board Members and Committee Chairs to review and vote on in the next Board Meeting. 


### Speaker’s Bureau
Shawn Wildermuth gave a brief update on the Speaker’s Bureau initiative. The Marketing Committee is discussing moving to a new CRM. There are some questions around how the Speaker’s Bureau will tie into CRM. More information to come. 

### All Other Business

There was no other business discussed.


The meeting was adjourned at 4:01 pm ET.
