# .NET Outreach Committee Meeting â€“ August 9, 2022

### In attendance:

- Jeremy Sinclair
- David Chika Onoh
- Nicole Miller

### Staff Observers:

- Tom Pappas
- Madison Hardy

### [Meeting Recording](https://dotnetfoundation.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/EcvLwvq7RsxOsz3lORPqgeUBUdL0ZDfX_LbjyV3cpNkeGQ?e=4OwiWm) 

## Agenda:

### User Group Committee:
* Nicole noted that she has been waiting to hear back from Jon and James on the messaging to remove inactive groups.
    * ACTION: Tom to follow up with Jon and James.

### Open Discussion:
* David asked for clarification on the meet-up process and how to find resources from the Foundation. Nicole shared the [Outreach GitHub repo](https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/wg-outreach) and the [Community Resources page](https://dotnetfoundation.org/community/resources).
* David asked how to best share feedback and find statistics on the meet-ups. Jeremy responded that if User Groups want their events broadcasted, they can submit a form and a Foundation facilitator can assist.
* Tom shared some Foundation updates, discussing the ongoing and approved proposals (membership dues, sponsorship levels, member and project benefits, etc.). He encouraged David (and the community at large) to submit any proposals to contact@dotnetfoundation.org or directly to himself and Nicole.

### Action Items:
* Tom to email Jon and James regarding User Group messaging.

**Meeting adjourned at 3:28pm ET**