# Outreach Committee Meeting of .NET Foundation
## Fenruary 8th, 2021
Start Time: 3:00 PM ET

## Meeting Attendees
	

- Nicole Miller
- Shawn Wildermuth
- James Montemagno
- Jon Galloway
- Katie Savage
- Aneesh Ambikavally

## Staff Observers 

- Nadeem Abutaa 
- Tom Pappas

## Meeting Recording

- [Meeting Recording](https://dotnetfoundation.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/EXP8OhHzJWhArUkR_wijEDQBksawTrhtXbhlWAA8Tvqk-g)

## Introductions

Shawn Wildermuth, the Outreach Committee Chair, gave a quick introduction and outlined some agenda items.

### Open Discussion: Education Committee

The committee held its first meeting. They are realigning their goals and exploring what will be continued from the previous committee as well as what they will explore going forward.


### Open Discussion: Video Series

So far, viewership has been low but Shawn is working with the Marketing committee to try and get more engagement.

### Open Discussion: Virtual Conference

Aneesh will take care of the virtual conference; he is working on reaching out to the different vendors. The committee discussed an in-person conference as well. It was recommended that Aneesh reach out to Reactor to see if they are doing in person meetings/conferences.

### Open Discussion: Meetup Analytics

James spoke about two methods to support meetups:
- Meetup subcommittee 
    - This would likely be a monthly meeting.
- This will be to support and reach out to different user groups; what do they need? How to get swag? Etc.
- We could empower groups with other tools and other tips
    - Triage Meetup Pro
- Lots of user groups that are being paid for but have not been active for quite some time.

### Open Discussion: Current Initiatives

The committee discussed the current charter as well as what goals they could adopt in order to move the needle. This could be in the form of a job board, a directory of programmers, etc. The committee also discussed the importance of marketing the initiatives we already offer as a foundation.

Two objectives that the outreach committee can focus on:

- Objective 1: .NET User Groups and supported & active
- Objective 2: .NET Open-source projects are celebrated


## Action Items 

- James Montemagno will open an issue on GitHub and ask who would like to be involved in this “subcommittee”.

- Shawn Wildermuth will fix the request to join and make it more visible.

The meeting adjourned at 3:56 PM ET.


