# Outreach Comm Meeting

7-10-23

## In attendance

* Aman Agrawal
* Jon Galloway
* Joe Guadagno
* Balaji Kandasamy
* Jorge Levy
* Nicole Miller
* Poornima Nayar
* Dave Noderer (Through auto transcription bot)
* Jeremy Sinclair

### Recording

[Meeting Recording](https://dotnetfoundation.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/Ed5cmuYCoZpLuZFtARpz7UoB895nAKLfpUkCR1x8PZGPIA?e=6saqLn)

### MeetUp Pro Account Duplicates

There were some duplicates with MeetUp Pro account between Azure community and .NET community.  Nicole was able to take care of this.  They were receiving double payment for these groups, so for the 20 that were duplicated, the Azure group was dropped so that we don’t continue paying for them.  

### Promotion for DNF Summit

* We have 5 speaker groups with a kick-off time at 2pm in Europe, which is 10am Eastern on September 12.
* Next Summit is December 12.
* We need a few volunteers to work with Nicole to try and get more people to speak – community specific or for people to highlight their projects.

[Submission Link](https://forms.office.com/pages/responsepage.aspx?id=3G8HFsH8FUqxyjLJolWQDgWp4dniQhJJjdIubC8LTKVUODNUMzlJQlZTR0RQVTZISTRDMEg2T1dVNSQlQCN0PWcu)

### Outreach to areas outside of US and UK

* Suggestion for promotion to areas that English is not the primary language.  
* Jorge suggested that we localize the web pages.  It’s been discussed in the Discord group.  
  * Joe thought this should be easily done, but need to find volunteers in the different languages to do the translations and may only need some graphic work to update the graphics in the different languages.
  * We could also write a javascript that does a Google Translate as Step 1 and then permanent translate as Step 2.  
  * The site is currently in Sitefinity.
    * Sitefinity Localization and Translations API: https://www.progress.com/documentation/sitefinity-cms/for-developers-localize-pages-and-content#:~:text=Localization%20and%20Translations%20API.%20Sitefinity%20CMS%20enables%20you%2C,audience%20and%20target%20a%20greater%20number%20of%20users.
    * Sitefinity Localization: * https://www.progress.com/documentation/sitefinity-cms/localization-net-core
* Aman suggested more MeetUps inside college campuses or inside areas of metro cities.  
  * Students like swag and gifts, even GitHub badges.  
  * Focus on colleges first and incentive the campus ambassador in some form and help get the students started with Open Source contributions.  They will get a sense of developing a project in .NET.
  * We want to get into the schools that are teaching .NET.  We need to give them exposure to the capabilities of .NET.  Almost all colleges have their own internal technical communities.
  * Balaji said that they have Sitecore communities in India, Latin America, South America, and Europe, and they have gained a lot of traction.
  * Besides incentives, there needs to be some motivation for students to run the groups, too.  Maybe they need to be mentored and we can accommodate that.
  * Poornima said that she has found that MeetUp groups end up dying.  She uses Umbraco and these work because there’s a social, round table, and a talk session.
* Balaji suggested a hybrid approach so that people can meet in-person also.

### Action Items

* Stacey will ask Madison to put together a poll for a new meeting day/time for Outreach comm.
* Nicole will make sure the website says the next DNF summit is in January, so it needs to be updated with the December 2023 date.
* Nicole will send GitHub page invitations for the Outreach Committee to Jorge Levy and Balaji Kandasamy.
* Jorge and Balaji offered to join the group to translate the website.  
* Joe will look for the docs for Sitefinity localization and will share it with whoever needs access to it.
* Jon will give Balaji access to the .NET user group.
