# Outreach Committee Meeting

8-14-23

## In attendance:

* Aman Agrawal
* Joe Guadagno
* Kevin Griffin
* Nicole Miller
* Mitchel Sellers
* Jayme Singleton
* Jeremy Sinclair

[Meeting Recording](https://dotnetfoundation.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/ETQ5xqUx2BRHqJI2pmLgJpkBu3s4kXpiwXKmM4xtsGiYOA)

## DNF Summit

* The group reviewed the submissions for sessions and discussed logistics. 5 submissions were approved for the program. Joe suggested asking Shaun Walker to re-present his session from the January DNF Summit.
  * ACTION: Nicole to contact Shaun Walker and the other presenters.
* Joe asked for a co-host; Kevin will verify his schedule.
* Nicole reported that she added all members working on the summit to the organization documents and also gave permissions to update the website.
* Submission Link: <https://forms.office.com/pages/responsepage.aspx?id=3G8HFsH8FUqxyjLJolWQDgWp4dniQhJJjdIubC8LTKVUODNUMzlJQlZTR0RQVTZISTRDMEg2T1dVNSQlQCN0PWcu>

## Call for Papers - Microsoft

* Jayme asked for the best way to streamline open calls for paper that Microsoft receives and would like to share with speakers in the .NET community. Microsoft recently released a Call for Papers for .NET Conf and has a Python Day scheduled for September and anticipates sharing content with DNF.
  * Nicole shared the [link for content](https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/content)

## College Outreach to areas outside of US and UK

* Aman noted that he needs some guidance on how to get started but has a few ideas. Joe advised that the group needs to determine goals for the initiative and plan to accomplish those goals. Aman will reach out to Joe via email/Discord to discuss.

## Action Items

* Nicole to contact presenters for the DNF Summit
* Aman and Joe to discuss college outreach offline
