# Outreach Committee Meeting

9/11/23

## In attendance

* Aman Agrawal
* Annesh Ambikavally
* Joe Guadagno
* Nicole Miller
* Mitchel Sellers
* Jeremy Sinclair

[Meeting Recording](https://dotnetfoundation.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/EWgS0cMH8VxNrDm4q-Yx55oBd9ECUPaG1LMsZ6JmLXwhnw?e=FIHGAP)

## DNF Summit

* Final Push for Marketing for DNF Summit
* We have 79 people registered.
* Committee should use social media to get more people involved.
* We need to start thinking of topics and content for December 12 DNF Summit
* We will talk about this via email or at next month’s meeting.
* Track ideas from Git Repo Issues for DNF Summit.

### DNF Summit move to .NET Azure Account

* Move .NET Summit site from Javier’s personal Azure account to ours
* Aneesh followed up with emails, but it is still outstanding.  Right now we won’t change anything since the summit is tomorrow.  After tomorrow, let’s set up a meeting and get this done.
* Aneesh is asking for permissions – Azure websites where it’s hosted and DNS name change server.  The site is scheduled to go live at 11am ET.

### Action Items

* Committee should use social media to push the summit
* Aneesh will reply to Javier’s latest email.
* Joe will schedule a meeting next week with Aman after 8pm IST.
