# Outreach Committee Meeting

February 13, 2023

### In attendance:

* Aneesh Ambikavally
* John Galloway
* Nicole Miller
* Poormina Nayar
* Jeremy Sinclair

### [Meeting Recording](https://dotnetfoundation.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/EQvx2bwSi1lBo_rNryFfb_sBGEvwvFq1EpM_7-VbjmxHDg?e=kNzrA0)

Joe was unable to attend, so several items on the agenda were not discussed.

### GitHub Repo Review

Does the organization of content make sense?

### Goals and Priorities

* Jon is trying to get some Marketing money to contribute toward Meetups and also working on sponsorship.
* Update community links for .NET Meetups.
* If you find links that go to the old website or get a 404, let Nicole know.  We don’t want to lose anything that anyone put in previously.
* The old site still runs, and its address is the old .net foundation.  We should be able to grab some content if we need to.
* New Goal: Jon said we previously had a meeting with the Meetup leaders – can we have a quarterly call with the Meetup leaders to see what they need and how we can best support them.
  * Meetups: <https://dotnetfoundation.org/community/.net-Meetups>
  * Create documentation about how to start a Meetup – speaker directory, how to find a speaker, how you find a location to host a meetup, etc. Jon said that a guide is started because Katie wrote something up for iThink.
* Chris Sfanos is also working on documentation for .NET processes also.
* Blog Posts – New post will go out Wed/Thurs this week with a list of tips for Meetup leaders: (https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/)

### .NET Foundation Summit Planning

* We need to get some dates from Joe because he’s hosting this, in April or May.  MVP Summit is in April, so we have to make sure it doesn’t conflict.

### GitHub - dotnet-foundation/wg-outreach: Outreach working group

<https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/wg-outreach>

### Action Items

* Aneesh will document the process for starting a Meetup and send it to Nicole.
* Nicole will look at conference calendars and make sure they don’t conflict.
