# Outreach Comm Meeting

6-12-23

### In attendance:

* Aman Agrawal
* Aneesh Ambikavaly
* Jon Galloway
* Joe Guadagno
* Jorge Levy
* Nicole Miller
* Jayme Singleton
* Meerim Zhanuzakova

[Meeting Recording](https://dotnetfoundation.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/EdRAS7FrogpPmHP2AdDGUMoB3C0XuKU98V6WCz5o5chLfA?e=P378sw)

### Introduction of New Committee Members

* Aman Agrawal (India)
* Meerim Zhanuzakova (Kurdistan)
* Jorge Levy (U.S.)

### Ways to Expand Our Reach to Get a Diverse Committee

* @nicoleabuhakmeh automatically adds new members to committees when they join.
* Jorge mentioned that we need to let people know that these kinds of activities exist.
* We are asking all committees to update their mission statements so that it’s clear what they do.
* We are outlining which committees need help so that people join a committee that they will have something to do.
* It was suggested that we work with We Are .NET to see if they can create a badge.  
  * @nicoleabuhakmeh said that we are going through the project process.  
  * Aneesh proposed this to the membership committee.
* Annesh proposed calling someone who spends a specific number of hours per year, we call them a DNF Champion.
  * We can have different levels of spotlights – member spotlight, podcast tiles, etc.
  * We can do something similar for maintainers, and allow them to do a casual chat and publish them through our YouTube channel.
* Focus on diversity of MeetUps because they are more focused on the West.  Organizing calls in different time zones because many people are joining late at night.  The Board is working on addressing this issue also.
* Set up Chapters.
  * Annesh is a member of the British Computer Society that has chapters across the world.  
    * Each chapter works in its own time zone.  
      * He suggested we spin off an Asia based committee and report back to the main committee.
      * @jguadagno said that he’s done this in a regional fashion with another organization (INETA) and they worked within 5 regions based on time zones.
    * Starting an open source collaborative project with various technologies.
      * It would need to be marketed and pushed to the audience correctly.
      * People will eventually talk about this – a chance for someone to build a first open source or allow someone to make a significant contribution to a project.  
      * @jguadagno suggested promoting a specific project that is already in the foundation, and ask for help as opposed to starting a new one.

### MeetUp Pro

* Jayme reported conflicting issues with MeetUp groups that are paid for by the foundation as well as paid for by the Microsoft Azure tech group.  
  * She will send Joe the list of groups funded by both the foundation and Azure Tech group.  
  * She wants to make sure that there are no double payments and that the Pro account is being utilized appropriately.  
  * Jayme will send the list to Nicole.
  * @jguadagno stated that we went through and cleaned many of these up, but may have missed these.

### Start Marketing to Get More People for DNF Summit on September 12

* We need at least 8 topics – projects, legalities around them, or licensing
* Panel Discussion

### Action Items

* Jayme will send the MeetUp list to Nicole.
* @jguadagno will put a poll together to look at a new meeting time to accommodate our new members in different time zones.
* Nicole will get email and contact information for the committee together.
* @jguadagno will update the GitHub pages and .NET site with new committee members.
