# Outreach Meeting 

October 9, 2023

### In attendance:

* Aneesh Ambikavaly
* Kevin Griffin
* Nicole Miller

### DNF Summit

* Marketing for DNF Summit should include targeted invitations to specific people (foundation projects, foundation members, etc.)
* Outreach Committee should think about whom they can ask, and Nicole can see if they are available on December 12.
* Aneesh suggested earlier marketing for attendees because we have seen a diminished attendance since the first one last year.
* Aneesh suggested we reach out to others in the open source community, but Nicole pointed out that they need to be in the .NET community.
* We need to discuss the plan for 2024 with the board.

### MeetUp User Group

* Annesh said that they were supposed to meet once every three months, but we have only met once.  The purpose of this group was to slim down the MeetUp accounts to lower costs.
* We need to discuss the plan for 2024 for MeetUp with the board.  Nicole stated that we have a contact there that can let us know which groups aren’t being used, so it’s cut down from around 14k to around 11k.  We have 221 groups.
* Nicole stated that If we put new slides out or new parameters around user groups, we should have another town hall.

### Action Items

* Nicole has a list of people to contact to present at the DNF Summit.
* Nicole will add Mitch Sellers to the Board meetings.
* Nicole will talk to the Executive Committee about setting up DNF Summit on our Azure.
