# Outreach Meeting 11/13/23

# In attendance:

* Balaji Bandasamy
* Joe Guadagno
* Nicole Miller
* Tony Qu

[Meeting Recording](https://dotnetfoundation.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/EZqw9FPgi7tIiVVpCAwxxLEByD2oefXJqQrluqVC6-CRNg?e=7WeV89)

## DNF Summit

* Many people can’t make the December DNF Summit, so it will be moved to February 14.
* Nicole has started marketing for DNF Summit already and will continue to do this.
* We need to discuss the plan for 2024 with the board and brainstorm other things we can do to get people to attend, possibly send out a survey to ask what projects they want to hear about, and if there are any other ideas that board members can think of.

## .NET Market in China

* Tony brought up the topic of the .NET market in China, and Rich Lander was going to ask the Microsoft marketing team to reach out to Tony.  Rich has been following the post and says from a marketing perspective, Microsoft spends a lot of time on the Chinese equivalent of YouTube, and he had a list of things that they currently work on and was going to reach out to the marketing ream at Microsoft to reach out to you.
* Tony stated that the relationship may be an issue, and he doesn’t see much visibility in the community.  Tony is working with GDG and W community to work together on some community events.  Joe stated that the Microsoft team really wants to work on that, so Joe will reach out to Rich about this.  Rich found that this was a Microsoft focus item and not a foundation item.

## Streamyard Group

* Balaji said that there are some issues with this, and he is no longer receiving emails.  
* Nicole stated that this has been an issue with a few others where the email isn’t forwarding.  
  * She will add Balaji’s email back to the group to see if that works.

## Action Items

* Joe and Nicole will discuss the plan for 2024 DNF Summit with the board.
* Joe will contact Rich Lander to follow up about the .NET Market in China and working with the Microsoft team to reach out to Tony Qu.
* Nicole will re-add Balaji’s email address back to the distribution list for the Streamyard group.  
