# Outreach Meeting – 3/13/23

### In attendance

* Annesh Ambikavally
* Joe Guadagno
* Nicole Miller
* David Onoh
* Nayar Poormina
* Jayme Singleton

[Meeting Recording](https://dotnetfoundation.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/EWOjNvXq6D1KuOimrtl8XFwBqlxcmtw8HIxPO4sbTuHM8g?e=l3O0pU)

### New Meetup Groups – Instructions

Aneesh is still working on this.

### Events/Conferences

* When we start planning DNF summits, let Nicole know, and she can work on the back end stuff, and we can get some proposals out.
* Dates for the next several DNF Summits were decided on:
  * Tuesday, June 13
  * Tuesday, September 12
  * Tuesday, December 12
* Nicole will update the form and get it in this month’s newsletter.

### Goals/Priorities

Goals and Priorities for the Outreach Committee were discussed and voted on via the chat function.

### Goals

* Encourage new developers with .NET
* Empower underrepresented segments of the coder community to become leaders & contributors
* Assist User Group Organizers with evangelism and growth of attendance

### Priorities

* Should we have another user group town hall? Or two town halls due to time zones?
* Open source maintenance and contributors, and they talk about the origin stories of their projects or their users, etc.
* Meetup Group resources/guide will be sent out

The other priorities are on hold until we have the town hall and can discuss things. We will have a better idea in May based on the survey results.

### Other

David was looking for better access to the user groups.  He wants the Nigerian market targeted.

### Action Items

* Joe will take a look at the meetup group resources and reach out to Jon and James.  He will be sure to loop in Nicole also.
* Send out the MeetUp guide.
