# OUTREACH COMMITTEE MEETING OF .NET FOUNDATION  

February 9th, 2021 

Start Time: 3:00 PM ET 

### Meeting Attendees: 

* Claire Novotny 
* Shawn Wildermuth 
* Daniel Roth 
* Dave Noderer 
* Jeremey Sinclair 
* Kourtzandis Efstratios 
* Ashirwad Satapathi 
* Brian Jablonsky 
* Chris Wooduff 
* Davide Guida 
* Joao Antunes 
* Martin Kulov 
* Michael Dera 

### Staff Observers:  

* Terracia King: Virtual Inc. 


## Agenda 

* Introductions 
* Working Group 
* .NET Virtual User Group 
* Sponsoring Under Served Communities 
* Community Handbook 
* Outreach Initiative Proposal Process 
* Speaker’s Bureau 
* AOB 
 
### Introductions 

Shawn Wildermuth opened the floor for introductions.  

#### Working Group 

Shawn Wildermuth gave a status update on the Outreach Committee’s new meeting invitation process. The meeting invites are placed in GitHub and sent through Outlook. He then announced the upcoming Education Committee and introduced the Education Committee chair, Brian Jablonsky.  
 
#### .NET Virtual User Group 

Dave Noderer gave an update on the .NET Virtual User group. The reoccurring meeting will be held on the 2nd Friday of every month at 12 pm ET. They have received one new Meetup request a day. The Committee received seven new volunteers within the last few months. The .NET Virtual User Group is progressing but needs help with the administrative task.  

**Actions**: 

* Dave Noderer to contact Chris Sfanos to help with the administrative task for the Meetup Group.  

#### Sponsoring Under Served Communities​ 

Jeff Strauss was unable to attend the meeting. Shawn Wildermuth provided a brief update on the Sponsoring Under Served Communities. Committee members who wish to get involved with this initiative should reach out to Jeff Strauss.  

#### Community Handbook 

The Outreach Committee discussed the Community Handbook initiative. They mentioned using The Rational Guide to Building Technical User Communities by Greg Low as a reference tool.  

**Action**: 

* Shawn Wildermuth to follow up with Brian Jablonsky, Dhruv Kinger, Michael Dera, and Rick Garner for a status update. 

#### Outreach Initiative Proposal Process 

Daniel Roth presented the current proposal process. He shared the following areas needed for improvement: 

* Improve accountability 
* Better transparency 
* It should be more apparent which proposals are up for discussion and what state they are in. 
* Process clarifications 
* Clarify who votes 
* Clarify how much funds we have and how it should be allocated 
* Remove WIP label and resolve remaining process issues 
* Increase Involvement 
* Increase awareness of the proposal process and leverage it in monthly meetings. 
* Raise awareness of progress and outcomes through standard channels. 

The Outreach Committee held a discussion on project funding and the upcoming budget process. They also discussed the current meeting invitation process in GitHub. The Committee then discussed the Outreach Committee memberships and ways to involve the broader community.  

**Actions**: 

* Shawn Wildermuth to create an issue in GitHub to continue to work on Outreach Initiative Proposal Process asynchronously.  
* Shawn Wildermuth to create a voting process proposal and present in March Outreach Committee Meeting. 
* Shawn Wildermuth to create a proposal to discuss Outreach Committee vs. broader community effort 

#### Speaker’s Bureau 

Shawn Wildermuth gave a brief update on the Speaker’s Bureau initiative. It is moving along smoothly. Brian suggested to add the Speaker Bureau’s information on the .NET Foundation’s website and blog.  

**Action**:

* Shawn Wildermuth to connect with the Speaker Bureau’s project leader to discuss metrics and rather the Speaker bureau is ready to be pushed live.   

#### All Other Business 

There was no other business discussed. 

The meeting was adjourned at 4:01 pm ET. 

 

 

 