# Outreach Committee Meeting of .NET Foundation
## May 11th, 2021

Start Time: 3:00 PM ET

## MEETING ATTENDEES:
	
Shawn Wildermuth
Daniel Roth
Dave Noderer
Joao Antunes
Frank Odoom
Jigna
Jeff Strauss
Claire Novotny


### STAFF OBSERVERS: 

Terracia King	Virtual Inc.

## Agenda
-	.NET Virtual User Group
-	Education WG
-	Sponsoring Under Served Communities
-	Proposal Process
-	Speaker’s Bureau
-	AOB

 

### .NET Virtual User Group

Dave Noderer gave an update on the .NET Virtual User group. The group plans to focus on gaining more traction for the Virtual User Group, streams, and Meetups. 

ACTION:
-	Shawn Wildermuth to research how to grant Dave Noderer access to Meetup.


### Education WG

Brian Jablonsky gave an update on the Education working group. They plan to have a kickoff meeting next week. The Committee meets on the 2nd and 4th Wednesday every month. The Committee plans to launch a Education program by September 2021.


ACTION:

-	Brian Jablonsky to reach out to Terracia King to schedule the Education working group meetings. 
-	Terracia King to invite Brian Jablonsky to the Board Meetings to provide an Education Committee update. 
-	Brian Jablonsky to create a repository for the Education Committee.


### Sponsoring Under Served Communities

Jeff Strauss gave an update on the Sponsoring Under Served Communities initiative. Due to time constraints, Jeff will work with Daniel Roth to lead this initiative moving forward. 

ACTION
-	Jeff Strauss to schedule a meeting with Daniel Roth to discuss leading the Sponsoring Under Served Communities initiative. 

### Outreach Initiative Proposal Process
Shawn Wildermuth gave an update on the potential proposal process. The Board reviewed the Proposal Process issues listed in GitHub.  They agreed that the proposal process was. The Outreach Committee voted to approve the proposal process. The Committee held a discussion on the best communication platform for the community. 

Motioned to approve the Proposal Process

The Proposal Process was approved by a unanimous vote. 

ACTION:
-	Shawn Wildermuth to contact the Marketing Committee to discuss using mailchip to announce the new Proposal Process. 
-	Shawn Wildermuth to draft verbiage to announce the new Proposal Process to add to the .NET Foundation’s blog.

### Speaker’s Bureau

Shawn Wildermuth gave a brief update on the Speaker’s Bureau initiative. There have been nearly 5 speakers approved a month. He plans to work with the Marketing team on the transition of the CRM to ensure that it does not affect the current Speaker’s Bureau. 

### All Other Business

There was no other business discussed.


The meeting was adjourned at 4:01 pm ET.
