# Outreach Committee Meeting of .NET Foundation
## December 14th, 2021
Start Time: 3:00 PM ET

## Meeting Attendees
	
- Shawn Wildermuth
- Aaron LaBeau
- Nicole Miller
- Dave Noderer
- Dylan Perks
- Daniel Roth

## Staff Observers 

- Nadeem Abutaa 
- Tom Pappas

## Meeting Recording

- [Meeting Recording](https://dotnetfoundation.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/ESWWx3e70_xKgY3T_s0Ve0AB9VVje_SHCxAG4B6CRW6_kQ)

## Introductions

Shawn Wildermuth, the Outreach Committee Chair, gave a quick introduction and outlined some agenda items.

### Open Discussion: .Net Virtual User Group

Not much movement with the Virtual User Group. Attendance has been low for some meetings.


### Open Discussion: Sponsoring Underserved Communities

Shawn Wildermuth would like to translate the needs of underserved communities into actionable proposals/items. He needs to contact someone for specific contacts.

### Open Discussion: Meetup Alternatives

Shawn Wildermuth had a meeting with a company called Bevy that could replace Meetup at a lower cost. This would allow the Foundation to move users to a company that allows meetups to be more white labeled as opposed to everything being directly housed under Meetup. Committee discussed what the migration from meetup to Bevy would look like as well as options going forward.

### Open Discussion: New Ideas and Setting Annual Goals

The Committee discussed coming up with three focuses for the year. Shawn Wildermuth emphasized that one of the goals should be transparency. Nicole Miller stated that she will be including a call for feed back on the next newsletter. Aaron LaBeau suggested we push for a focus on Open Source and .Net as a whole while also promoting the foundation. Tom Pappas suggested sending out a survey to poll the community on what they are looking for. Dylan Perks recommended shifting towards increasing engagement with people that already used .Net. 

## Action Items 

- Shawn Wildermuth to reach out to Jeff to get contact information for those that are representing underserved communities.
- Daniel Roth to draft blog post regarding underserved community proposals.
- Aaron LaBeau to submit a proposal to Shawn Wildermuth regarding .Net Conf.
- Shawn Wildermuth to schedule a wider reaching brainstorming session that would welcome all members to join.

The meeting adjourned at 3:47 PM ET.

