# Outreach Committee Meeting of .NET Foundation
## June 7th, 2021
Start Time: 3:00 PM ET

## MEETING ATTENDEES:
	
* Shawn Wildermuth
* Dave Noderer
* Frank Odoom
* Brian Jablonsky
* Chris Curwick
* Johan
* Daniel Roth
* Ashirwad Satapahi
* Justin R.


## Meeting Recording



## STAFF OBSERVERS: 
Terracia King	Virtual Inc.

## Agenda
* Status Updates
* Budget Discussion
* AOB

### .NET Virtual User Group

 The Virtual User Group is doing well. The Meetup groups are self-serviced. 

**ACTION**
* Shawn Wildermuth to research how to grant Dave Noderer access to Meetup.

### Education WG

Brian Jablonsky gave an update on the Education working group. They are working to finalize the .NET Bootcamp’s name. The Committee plans to launch the course in the Fall. 

**ACTION**
* Shawn Wildermuth to send an email to Code Path’s representative to introduce Brian Jablonsky and encourage collaboration. 


### Sponsoring Under Served Communities

Jeff Strauss was unable to attend the meeting. There were no updates. 

**ACTION**
* Jeff Strauss to schedule a meeting with Daniel Roth to discuss leading the Sponsoring Under Served Communities initiative. 



### Outreach Initiative Proposal Process
Shawn Wildermuth gave an update on the potential proposal process. The following proposals were submitted: 

1st Proposal: Adopt & Request a NuGet Package
The first proposal requests for the Foundation adopt and support NugGet packages. This would allow the maintainer’s the ability to pass the torch, allow veteran opensource contributors the ability to adopt orphaned packages, share with new open-source contributors packages they could contribute. 

2nd Proposal: Support the C# Community on Discord
The second proposal requests support for the C# Community on Discord. The community is very active. The community maintainers are requesting about $333/month in Azure credits or $4,000 per year to fund an organization account to better manage the administrative site. 

**ACTION**

* Shawn Wildermuth to contact the members that submitted the 1st proposal to request more information. 
* Shawn Wildermuth to submit the 2nd proposal to the Board for approval. 

 

### Speaker’s Bureau
Shawn Wildermuth gave a brief update on the Speaker’s Bureau initiative. They will be reviewing usage statistics to make sure the initiative is still worth the labor. 

**ACTION**
* Shawn Wildermuth to contact Jamie Singleton for usage statistics. 

### Budget Discussion

The Outreach Committee held a discussion on their upcoming budget wish list. The following items were suggested:
* Current Cost of Meetup – estimated $60,000 per year
* Current Cost of Virtual Meeting Hosting – estimated $40 per month
* Discretionary budget – estimated $6,000 per year

**ACTION**
* Shawn Wildermuth to post the Outreach Committee’s proposed budget into GitHub.
* Shawn Wildermuth to present the Outreach Committee’s proposed budget to the Board for approval. 


### All Other Business

There was no other business discussed.


The meeting was adjourned at 3:40 pm ET.



