# Outreach Committee Meeting of .NET Foundation
## November 9th, 2021
Start Time: 3:00 PM ET

## MEETING ATTENDEES:
	
- Shawn Wildermuth-Chair
- Shawn Wildermuth
- Dave Noderer
- Dylan Perks
- Frank Odoom

## Meeting Recording

- [Meeting Recording](https://dotnetfoundation.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/EaLOF0pXBjpBkELANCX0U80BYstl6e9Afdft5MuG5P6Sqg)

## STAFF OBSERVERS: 

- Nadeem Abutaa 
- Tom Pappas

## Agenda
* Introductions
* .NET Virtual User Group
* Sponsoring Under Served Communities
* AOB

### Introductions

Shawn Wildermuth, the Outreach Committee Chair, gave a quick introduction and outlined some agenda items.

### Open Discussion: .NET Virtual User Group

Not many people showed up as .Net Conf is underway.

### Open Discussion: Sponsoring Under Served Communities

Shawn Wildermuth should be able to announce concrete action items next month.

###  Open Discussion: Three concrete actionable items for the coming year.

Tom Pappas suggested focusing on what moves the needle. Shawn Wildermuth echoed the suggestion of the community to support the maintainers more. The question remains whether we should be furthering the reach of .Net or whether we need to focus on supporting projects specifically. Committee members discuss how we can support maintainers such as:
-	Project Spotlight
-	Maintainer Spotlight
    -	Shawn Wildermuth had a YouTube series he could restart on behalf of the foundation.
-	Job Board for Members Only
-	Survey to members about how foundation can support them better/what they are getting

** ACTION **

Shawn Wildermuth to reach out to Daniel about setting up survey to members  

Dylan Perks to work on sending members an email blast about what committees are working on.
 

The meeting was adjourned at ~3:21 pm ET.
