# Outreach Committee Meeting of .NET Foundation
## October 12th, 2021
Start Time: 3:00 PM ET

## MEETING ATTENDEES:
	
Shawn Wildermuth-Chair
Alvin Ashcraft
Ashirwad Satapathi
Daniel Roth
Dave Noderer
Dylan Perks
Frank Odoom
James Montemagano

## Meeting Recording
TBD

## STAFF OBSERVERS: 
Tom Pappas-Virtual Inc Lead

## Agenda
* Introductions
* .NET Virtual User Group
* Sponsoring Under Served Communities
* AOB

### Introductions

Shawn Wildermuth opened the meeting. Discussed the new fiscal year, change of Board and Leadership and transparency. Discussed projects and how to clear up the “confusion” with how projects are on and or off boarded with in the Foundation 

### .NET Virtual User Group

Dave Noderer gave an update on the .NET Virtual User group. There were no new updates. Virtual .NET user group 21 requests for streaming and everyone is pitching in to assist.


**ACTION**
* Dave Noderer to send Shawn Wildermuth graphs for growth to be shared with community. 

### Sponsoring Under Served Communities

Shawn will take over lead with Daniel to assist. Looking at South America, South Africa, and Asia as some of the non-English speaking communities in need of support. Find people who need assistance without much community support as well as people who should be called out for their efforts and accomplishments.

### All Other Business

* Shawn to set up a call later next week to address this and work on an announcement to the community 
•	Outreach Committee now has $86K budget for FY 22, of which $80K is for Meetup fees, but $6K for committee to provide outreach or assistance to the community 
•	Discussion on priorities of the Outreach Committee, which appear to be either not widely know or a bit out of date
•	Outreach Committees to come together on 3 initiatives for the Committee that if completed in FY22 will “move the needle” with in the community of the .NET Foundation

**ACTION**

* Ashirwad to make a proposal for initiatives for the committee.
* Nadeem will inviestgate provide committee members with foundation email to conduct foundation business.


The meeting was adjourned at ~4:00 pm ET.
