# Outreach Committee Meeting of .NET Foundation
## July 13th, 2021
Start Time: 3:00 PM ET

## MEETING ATTENDEES:
	
* Claire Novotny
* Shawn Wildermuth
* Daniel Roth
* Dave Noderer
* Ashirwad Satapathi
* Brian Jablonsky
* Frank Odoom
* Joao Antunes
* Martin Kulov
* Matt Lacey
* Nicole Miller
* Jeff Strauss
* Martin Kulov

## Meeting Recording

https://web.microsoftstream.com/video/1a7f6e80-2efb-40a4-92f4-c9bf71d0e126

## STAFF OBSERVERS: 
Terracia King	Virtual Inc.

## Agenda
* Introductions
* .NET Virtual User Group
* Education Committee
* Sponsoring Under Served Communities
* Supporting the C# Community on Discord
* Nuget Package Proposal
* Speaker’s Bureau
* AOB

### Introductions

Shawn Wildermuth opened the floor for introductions. Nicole Miller, the .NET Foundation’s Community Manager; introduced herself to the Outreach Committee. 

### .NET Virtual User Group

 Dave Noderer gave an update on the .NET Virtual User group. The Committee discussed the Meetup contract in a effort to cut cost. The Committee agreed to delete inactive Meetup groups. 

**ACTION**
Dave Noderer to contact inactive Meetup groups to confirm their intentions to remain inactive. 

### Education WG

Brian Jablonsky gave a brief update on the Education Committee. There was an announcement placed in the June Newsletter that gained the interest of a few volunteers. The .NET Foundation Academy application form will be finalized in the next Education Committee meeting. The Education Committee also plans to finalize the course curriculum during the next meeting. 


### Sponsoring Under Served Communities

Jeff Strauss gave a brief update on the Sponsoring Under Served communities. There hasn’t been many updates. He plans to connect with Daniel Roth to discuss a hand-off. 

### Supporting the C# Community on Discord

Shawn Wildermuth gave an update on the C# Community proposal to provide the community from Discord to Azure. 


### Adopt & Request a NuGet Package

Shawn Wildermuth provided an update on the Adopt & Request a NuGet Package project. The Committee discussed the need for volunteers to put the project on the website. Martin Kulov volunteered to review the proposal and spearhead the project.
 

### Speaker’s Bureau
Shawn Wildermuth gave a brief update on the Speaker’s Bureau initiative. The stakeholders would like for someone to take over the project from the internal Microsoft team. Dave Doderer, Joao Antunes, Martin Kulov and Frank Odoom all volunteered to take over the Speaker’s Bureau project. 

**ACTION**
Shawn Wildermuth to connect Dave Doderer, Joao Antunes, Martin Kulov, and Frank Odoom with the internal Microsoft project maintainers. 


### All Other Business

The Outreach Committee used the reminder of the meeting to hold a Q&A with Nicole Miller.  

The meeting was adjourned at 3:29 pm ET.


