# Outreach Committee Meeting of .NET Foundation
## March 9th, 2021
Start Time: 3:00 PM ET

## Meeting Attendees
	
- Jeff Strauss
- Shawn Wildermuth
- Daniel Roth
- Dave Noderer
- Jeremey Sinclair
- Kourtzandis Efstratios
- Martin Kulov

Meeting Recording


### Staff Observers: 
Terracia King	Virtual Inc.

Agenda 
- Introductions
- Working Group
- .NET Virtual User Group
- Sponsoring Under Served Communities
- Community Handbook
- Outreach Initiative Proposal Process
- Speaker’s Bureau
- AOB

## Introductions

The Outreach Committee bypassed this agenda item. 

## Working Group

Shawn Wildermuth provided a working group update. The Committee reviewed the new issue type created for project proposals in the Outreach Committee’s GitHub repository. 

## .NET Virtual User Group

Dave Noderer gave an update on the .NET Virtual User group. The Committee received seven new volunteers within the last few months. The .NET Virtual User Group is now planning to focus on promoting to members. Dave presented the list of Meetup groups. 

Action Items:
- Dave Noderer to contact Beth Massi to discuss .NET Virtual User Group promotions. 
- Shawn Wildermuth to research which members have access to purge old Meetup groups. 
- Dave Noderer to send Shawn Wildermuth the Meetup listing information. 

## Sponsoring Under Served Communities

Jeff Strauss provided a brief update on the Sponsoring Under Served Communities initiative. There has not been much movement. 

Action Items:
- Jeff Strauss to create documentation for outcomes from all under served community meetings and share with the Outreach Committee. 

## Community Handbook

The Outreach Committee discussed the Community Handbook initiative. There has not been much movement. The Committee discussed creating a resource list for the Community that would include podcasts and other sources.

Action Item: 
- Shawn Wildermuth to follow up with Brian Jablonsky, Dhruv Kinger, Michael Dera, and Rick Garner for a status update.

## Outreach Initiative Proposal Process

Daniel Roth provided an update on the Outreach Initiative Proposal Process.

Action Items:
- Daniel Roth and Shawn Wildermuth to connect to discuss how to move the new proposal process forward. They will present to the Outreach Committee in April. 
- Shawn Wildermuth to create a proposal to discuss Outreach Committee vs. broader community effort.
- Daniel Roth to define the Proposal Process workflow. 

## Speaker’s Bureau

Shawn Wildermuth gave a brief update on the Speaker’s Bureau initiative. The Speaker’s Bureau was publicly launched. It has been a successful project to date. 

## All Other Business

The Committee held a discussion around possibly engaging with Scott Hanselman’ s team. Daniel Roth suggested for the Outreach Committee to review areas where .NET is not used. 

Action Items:
- Shawn Wildermuth to connect with Scott Hanselman to discuss engaging with his team. 
- Shawn Wildermuth to ask Scott Hanselman if he has any data around where .NET is used. 

The meeting was adjourned at 4:01 pm ET.



