# Outreach Committee Meeting of .NET Foundation
## August 10th, 2021
Start Time: 3:00 PM ET

## MEETING ATTENDEES:
	
* Shawn Wildermuth
* Daniel Roth
* Dave Noderer
* Matt Lacey
* Nicole Miller
* Frank Odom
* Brian Jablonsky

## Meeting Recording
https://web.microsoftstream.com/video/c0803fc9-09d3-40ea-b88b-4e02cdd3be4d

## STAFF OBSERVERS: 
Terracia King	Virtual Inc.

## Agenda
* Introductions
* .NET Virtual User Group
* Sponsoring Under Served Communities
* Nuget Package Proposal
* Speaker’s Bureau
* AOB

### Introductions

Shawn Wildermuth opened the floor for introductions. Nicole Miller, the .NET Foundation’s Community Manager; introduced herself to the Outreach Committee. 

### .NET Virtual User Group

Dave Noderer gave an update on the .NET Virtual User group. There were no new updates.

**ACTION**
* Dave Noderer to contact inactive Meetup groups to confirm their intentions to remain inactive. 

### Sponsoring Under Served Communities

Daniel Roth gave a brief update on the Sponsoring Under Served communities. He met with Jeff Strass to start the project hand-off.

### Supporting the C# Community on Discord

Shawn Wildermuth gave an update on the C# Community proposal to provide the community from Discord to Azure. Claire Novotny has connected with the project maintainers to begin the transition to an Azure.

### Adopt & Request a NuGet Package

Shawn Wildermuth provided an update on the Adopt & Request a NuGet Package project. The Committee held a discussion on the concerns about how it was abandoned in NPM. 

**ACTION**

Shawn Wildermuth to reach out with Shaun Walker to ask if we have the formalisms listed in the NuGet packages in the .NET Foundation.

### Speaker’s Bureau

Shawn Wildermuth gave a brief update on the Speaker’s Bureau initiative. There hasn’t been a lot of change. The internal Microsoft team would like to transition off of the project. Dave Doderer, Joao Antunes, Martin Kulov and Frank Odoom all volunteered to take over the Speaker’s Bureau project.  

**ACTION**
Shawn Wildermuth to connect Dave Doderer, Joao Antunes, Martin Kulov, and Frank Odoom with the internal Microsoft project maintainers. 


### All Other Business

Shawn Wildermuth will be unable to attend the September meeting. He will ask Jeff Strauss to run the meeting.   


The meeting was adjourned at 3:29 pm ET.
