# Outreach Committee Meeting of .NET Foundation

## April 12, 2022

---


Start Time: 3:00 PM ET

## Meeting Attendees:

---

* Shawn Wildermuth
* Nicole Miller
* Jon Gallaway
* Jayme Singleton
* Aneesh Ambikavally


### Staff Observers

---

* Tom Pappas
* Madison Hardy

### Meeting Recording

---

[Meeting Recording ](https://dotnetfoundation.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/ETw1JmvtDepKuu_8SGPk2WQBafL6F3efTxTQ-8X_CwPMnA)

## Introductions

---

Shawn Wildermuth, the Outreach Committee Chair, gave a quick introduction and outlined agenda items.

### Agenda

---
### Open Discussion: .NET Virtual User Group


The MailChimp invitation for the Townhall has scheduled to send at 3:45 PM ET today. Nicole added the board and committee members to the invite, and Jayme followed up on a request to send the user group organizers an agenda/instructions for the event.

### Open Discussion: Video Series

The series is going will though viewership is still low, but Shawn continues with the initiative. Next week, the Maintainers series begins and highlights the positive work and initiatives they present.

### Open Discussion: Virtual Conference

Aneesh reported that there is little update at this time. A date was set, and another meeting is scheduled to continue planning. Nicole intends to announce the conference in the newsletter.

### Open Discussion: User Group Subommittee

Jon reported little updates at this time, though the group is working on the “next steps” from the last committee meeting. Jon proposed a policy for contacting interested members, including those who regularly attend town hall meetings, and reviewing the analytics for meetings that have been cancelled.

#### Action Items

---

* Madison Hardy to remove "the lobby" from the Teams meeting (done)
* Shawn to send link to the Virtual Series (done)

The meeting adjourned at 3:21 PM ET
