# Outreach Committee Meeting of .NET Foundation #

**May 10, 2022**

Start Time: 3:00 PM ET

## Meeting Attendees: ##

* Jon Gallaway
* Jayme Singleton
* James Montemagno
* Aneesh Ambikavally


## Staff Observers ##

* Tom Pappas
* Madison Hardy

### Meeting Recording ###

[Meeting Recording ](https://dotnetfoundation.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/ETEqnhjpgFpNstyHzjBBXMsB3fdVbvQeyPWKjUHAql85pw)


## Agenda ##

### General Update ###
Tom Pappas gave an update about several Foundation projects, including the Board elections, current offboarding progress, the upcoming membership platform and website refresh, and sponsorship benefits.


### Open Discussion: Budget ###
The budget formation process is underway, and each committee has been asked to submit a list of "asks" for FY 2023. This can be a one-pager or a spreadsheet describing the line item, the added benefit, and the duration. Once submitted, the Executive Committee will review and submit to the Board.


### Open Discussion: .NET Day ###
Nicole Miller, Javier Lozano, and Aneesh Ambikavally have been planning .NET Day, an opportunity for projects to get together, host presentations, and promote themselves. This is tentatively planned for the end of July.

### Open Discussion: Townhall Follow Up ###
The committee received positive feedback on the Health Proposal Plan following the TownHall. Nicole Miller is reviewing the list of inactive UserGroups to remove. The UserGroups asked for additional support, so the committee will draft another proposal outlining the current level of support and needs moving forward.
The committee discussed how to distribute the swag inventory, including shipping to active UserGroups, hosting a "Flash Sale," or adding a swag package to sponsorship deals.



## Action Items ##
* The committee will discuss budget line items for FY 2023 and draft a proposal. 
* The committee will discuss UserGroup support levels.


**The meeting adjourned at 3:30 PM ET**