# Outreach Committee Meeting
12/13/22

### In attendance:
* Aneesh Ambikavally
* Jon Galloway
* Joe Guadagno
* James Montemagno
* Jeremy Sinclair
* Jayme Singleton

[Meeting Recording](https://dotnetfoundation.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/EWIpB1J-oF1Cj9iRrarkYXgB6USSREoZ2bwdKm-awKVdSQ?e=uQLY3P)

### Purpose for Outreach Committee - What are we trying to accomplish?
* Invest our work into activities to better engage with a broader ecosystem.
* How can we make .net user groups into the best user groups out there – make sure they have the content that they’re engaged, sponsors can get engaged.
* How do we clean this up with processes in place, listen to user groups about what they want/need.
* Meet Ups – virtual meetups year round up
* Opportunities to narrow things down – supporting events and one stop shop for people to get set up.
* Look at what the committee is owning/running and decide whether we should keep doing them in 2023– where’s the value?
* Speaker Directory page was shared: https://old.dotnetfoundation.org/community/speakers
* Promote community things that are part of the foundation – events, etc.
* What are our goals?  User groups – how do we grow them?  Summit – how do we grow that?
* Where is the boundary between Outreach and Marketing Committees.

### Action Items:
* Joe will inventory what the committee is already doing.
* Update foundation website with Outreach Committee purpose.

### Quarterly Open Source Day
* DNF Summit - January 17- Aneesh spent time on it and updated website: https://www.dnfsummit.org/
* Speaker information will be added this week.
* This should be displayed on the foundation website under events.
