# Outreach Committee Meeting of .NET Foundation

## June14, 2022**
  
## Start Time: 3:00 PM ET

**MeetingAttendees:**

- Jon Gallaway
- James Montemagno
- Aneesh Ambikavally
- Nicole Miller
- Shawn Wildermuth

**StaffObservers**

- Tom Pappas
- Stacey
     Ramsey

**Meeting Recording**
  
[Meeting Recording](https://virtualinc-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/r/personal/sramsey_virtualinc_com/Documents/Recordings/.NET%20Outreach%20Committee-20220614_140321-Meeting%20Recording.mp4?csf=1&amp;web=1&amp;e=gRlXnz)

**Agenda**

- General
    - Action:
        *Tom will go into LastPass to get the login information for Nicole for MeetUp*
    - Action:
        *James and Jon will take a stab at messaging for the Meet Up     transition and let everyone take a look at it before it goes out – will be     done through Mail Chimp and it will be put on Discord as well.* **
- Website Project has been started
    - Funding for American Eagle was taken care of this morning.  We want engagement from every committee as far as the transition – not only looking at what’s on the current
     website under your committees but also new content.
        - Action: *Tom and Nicole will be setting up  teams for this.*
    - We can add events in the Discord, and you can add a link
        to the Teams call as well.
        - Action:
        *Tom and     Stacey will go through the meetings and let everyone know that if they see     anything that’s not from Madison Hardy, please delete them.  Some people were in the old meeting     appt.*
- Status of the conference
    – website is up as of today and it will be the first .Net Foundation summit – July 30.  
    - Jayme, Nicole and Javier are also on the
     team.  
     - Speakers join in the morning
     and we will do a trial run a week before.
     - If anyone has suggestions, let Aneesh know and he can incorporate
     them.
    - Tom will give a State of the State to kick it off
        and then turn it over to Nicole – kicking off with 2 sponsors, some
        community projects, another sponsor, and wrap the day with Wix and kick
        off his live streaming with it. 
        Going to get some swag boxes to give out too.  We want to do this quarterly.  It will be a spotlight for our projects
        and get our sponsors involved.
    - Website is https://www.dnfsummit.org/
- Corporate sponsorship/levels
    - Tom created the updated corporate sponsorship/levels
     for the board to approve.
    - No membership fees starting July 1.  The VMX team will get corporate
        membership portal going.  He will be
        engaging both maintainers and project committees to redefine the project
        benefits.  Once that’s approved, he
        will be turning the project committee out to do project prospecting.
- Budget
    - Full budget has been through the executive committee
     and is ready to go to the board at this point – it’s a break-even
     budget).  Any sponsors we get over
     and above the ones we currently have, will allow requests to be put in.  If it doesn’t get approved at the June
     meeting, we can revise and it can come up for approval at the July
     meeting.
- Shawn is not re-running for the Foundation and he let
     Bill know. 
    - Action: *Shawn will reach out to Tanner and Stacy about their possible interest in running.*  
    - Action: *Jessica White will* run, and Layla’s coming back.
    - Action:
        *Tom will let the Nomination Committee know about James M’s desire     to run.  He thinks Katie would be     interested in running, too.* **
- Put a plan  together for the Discord
    - Put portunities for recognition in there (project     maintainer/owner.  He would like to     get an email out to all of the board, project committee individuals to add     them at the moderator level and they can get in there and start being     active.  He’s also happy to walk     people through the controls, etc. in a separate meet up.  The roles are simple – admin, moderator,     board member, specific committee member types.
- Email Distribution Lists: [Directors@.netfoundation.org](mailto:Directors@.netfoundation.org) and [board@.netfoundation.org](mailto:board@.netfoundation.org).
- Share invite for the Discord: https://discord.com/invite/upnrsTnG
- There are links to the other discords that they host
     – Microsoft, C-Sharp, etc. and if the folks at other ones want to link to
     us, have them reach out.
- Our current sponsors are more interested in a
     connection to our community, not membership.  He will not give out contact
     information, but we can do surveys and allow our sponsors to do a survey,
     and if a maintainer wants to click on a link and provide their own
     information.  This will give us more
     interest for our sponsors.

**The meeting adjourned at 3:30 PM ET**
  
