# Outreach Committee Meeting of .NET Foundation

## July 12, 2022**
  
## Start Time: 3:00 PM ET

**MeetingAttendees:**

- Jon Gallaway
- Nicole Miller
- Shawn Wildermuth
- David Chika Onoh
- Mark Pattison

**StaffObservers**

- Tom Pappas
- Stacey Ramsey

### Meeting Recording
  
[Meeting Recording](https://dotnetfoundation.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/EX_k-jnuNehKkuVYALO-uSwB3J7d6b6JbWCLXX6pJE97SA?e=4Nrafh)

### Agenda

- User Group Committee
    - Working on the inactive MeetUp communication.
    - Maui was released in May and focus event in August. Microsoft is sponsoring a Hackathon. Action: Send notification to MeetUp leaders to let them know what opportunities they can get involved in, new Maui content, etc. Tom sent out the emails about the new sponsorship levels – platinum sponsors – one of the benefits is to provide outreach to the communities. Microsoft is a platinum sponsor so we can do that. We won’t give any sponsors our members’ contact information, but we will act as a conduit.
    - Tom has a list of about 30 companies that he will be reaching out to about sponsorship.
    - Jon will reach out about Maui becoming a foundation project – Xamarin was a foundation project, and this is basically the next version. It was all open source.

- Virtual Conference  
    - Tech check was done and will kick off at 10am EST –
        start off with Tom and Javier. We had a few more people sign up. Sponsors
        are already asking when the next one is happening in the fourth quarter.

- User Group Subcommittee

    - Tom has a check-in once a month with Chris about the
        onboarding and offboarding.
    - Mark and David were introduced and are part of the
        MeetUp Pro group.

- Updates from the Website Project

    - They had their first meeting with Eric & Nicole and
        are trying to get with the project manager from American Eagle. The
        marketing comm is running the project but not the content. Whatever you
        want to create new or remove from the website, start working on that so
        that when marketing comes to you, you’ll be ready. Shawn said the speaker
        directory should be rewritten to the new website or redirect to the
        existing implementation. His fear is that they’ll launch the new website
        and the speaker directory will disappear.

## Other Business

Tom is working to get a credit from Discourse and he is
        hoping to the get the VMX platform to bring in corporate members.
        Hopefully all of that will be done by the end of July. Anyone who paid
        dues recently in the last few months, will have the option to get a refund
        or leave it as a donation to the foundation. Tom wants to make sure the
        platform is working correctly first, and he wants to see a few people test
        it, and have the membership comm do their vetting, and then once we’re
        comfortable with it working correctly, we can put it out there.

### Action Items

- Action: Jon will reach out about Maui becoming a
     foundation project.
- Action: Tom can bring up Maui becoming a foundation
     project on Thursday during the scheduled meeting. If not, he can reach out
     to the project manager.
- Action: Shawn will reach out to Dave to see where the
     numbers are for the virtual conference since he receives the registration
     forms for the conference.
- Action: Add Jon to the list to receive updates from
     Chris and Claire.
- Action: Tom will send a note to Shawn, Isaac and Nicole
     about the website update and speaker directory to make sure it won’t
     disappear.
- Action: Future Business – we should continue thinking
     about the Discord policy – when people join, what groups do people go in,
     an overall strategy.

**The meeting adjourned at 3:30 PM ET**
  
